Added "curated dashboards" information and broke down, rearranged topics. (#30659)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/whatsnew/whats-new-in-v5-3.md

The data source is still in the `beta` phase, meaning it's currently in active development and is still missing one important feature - templating queries.
Please try it out, but be aware of that it might be subject to changes and possible bugs. We would love to hear your feedback.

> Please read [Using Google Stackdriver in Grafana]({{< relref "../datasources/google-cloud-monitoring/_index.md" >}}) for more detailed information on how to get started and use it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Using Google Stackdriver in Grafana]({{< relref "../datasources/google-cloud-monitoring/_index.md" >}}) for more detailed information on how to get started and use it.
```
